feat: add `math/base/special/roundf` (#2725)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/math/base/special/roundf/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2024 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

> # Round

Author: Used `Round` here instead of `Roundf`, as this is a descriptive heading rather than the function name. ( Similar to what we do at [`truncf`](https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/tree/develop/lib/node_modules/%40stdlib/math/base/special/truncf#truncate) )

> > Round a numeric value to the nearest integer.

Reviewer: @gunjjoshi We should update the descriptions here and elsewhere to refer to `single-precision floating-point number`s, e.g.

```suggestion
> Round a single-precision floating-point number to the nearest integer.
```

That's what we have been doing for `truncf` and I think the docs are confusing otherwise as they would look the same as `round`.

Author: @Planeshifter I've made the changes here and elsewhere.

Reviewer: Great, thank you!

Reviewer 2: @gunjjoshi This is a general comment for this and future PRs. We've slowly been trying to move away from "numeric value" or "a `number`" in these descriptions to be more specific now that we have both single and double precision variants. Something to keep in mind for future PRs.

Author: Sure, I'll keep this in mind. Thanks!

// returns 9.0

v = roundf( 0.0 );
// returns 0.0

v = roundf( -0.0 );
// returns -0.0

v = roundf( Infinity );
// returns Infinity

v = roundf( -Infinity );
// returns -Infinity

v = roundf( NaN );
// returns NaN
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

-   Ties are rounded toward positive infinity.

</section>

<!-- /.notes -->

<section class="examples">

## Examples

<!-- eslint no-undef: "error" -->

```javascript
var randu = require( '@stdlib/random/base/randu' );
var roundf = require( '@stdlib/math/base/special/roundf' );

var x;
var i;

for ( i = 0; i < 100; i++ ) {
    x = ( randu() * 100.0 ) - 50.0;
    console.log( 'Value: %d. Rounded: %d.', x, roundf( x ) );
}
```

</section>

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/math/base/special/roundf.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_roundf( x )

> Rounds a `numeric` value to the nearest `integer`.

Reviewer: Notice that a simple search & replace won't be sufficient:

```suggestion
Rounds a single-precision floating-point number to the nearest `integer`.
```
